Redirecting most of the content... (#31307)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-uwp-framework.md

---
title: Upgrade UWP apps to .NET 6
description: Use the .NET Upgrade Assistant to migrate a C# UWP app to a Windows UI Library (WinUI) 3 app that uses the Windows App SDK. The .NET Upgrade Assistant is a CLI tool.
author: adegeo
ms.date: 09/20/2022
---

# Migrate UWP apps to Windows App SDK with the .NET Upgrade Assistant

> The [.NET Upgrade Assistant](/dotnet/core/porting/upgrade-assistant-overview) is a command-line tool that can assist with migrating a C# Universal Windows Platform (UWP) app to a [Windows UI Library (WinUI) 3](/windows/apps/winui/) app that uses the Windows App SDK.

Reviewer: This link should be relative
```suggestion
The [.NET Upgrade Assistant](upgrade-assistant-overview.md) is a command-line tool that can assist with migrating a C# Universal Windows Platform (UWP) app to a [Windows UI Library (WinUI) 3](/windows/apps/winui/) app that uses the Windows App SDK.
```
